Interaction History -- Group of data tables that stores the customer interactions for the given actions.

Prior to 23 version, we can see the interaction history of all the customers but from 23 onwards we can only see IH at a customer LEVEL.


Navigate to the customer decision HUB > on top right click on customer profile viewer > Interaction history

Select a customer and click on RUN - View interaction history of that particular customer

1. Fact Table - Data-Decision-IH-Fact -- Fact table is responsible for aggregating the information from all the dimension tables and displaying on UI



2. Dimension Tables - 7 Dimension tables

	--- Action Dimension --- stores action information like action name, actionid , pyissue, pygroup -- pzID
	--- Operator Dimension --- stores operator information like operator who initiated the interaction - PZid
	--- Application Dimension - PZID
	--- Outcome Dimension -- store the outcome information like pyoutcome, pzoutcomeid
	--- Journey Dimension
	--- Customer Dimension
	--- Channel Dimension



.pxActioNID == ActionDimension.pzID

.pxOutcomeID = OutcomeDimension.pzID


....... For all the remaining dimension tables.



Firstly using REALTIME CONTAINER Response has the eligible actions / treatments ------ Sends actions to the channel

Channel will capture this actions / treatments and displays the treatments ( website/customer service portal/ mobile application)

Customer will see the actions delivered as response from the realtime container & displayed using channel

Channel has to display CTA buttons ( accept / reject / more details)

On click of this CTA buttons -- again invoke the capture response API

-


PEGA -----------> REALTIME CONTAINER ---------> CUSTOMER ( lets say customer eligible for 4 credit cards and these 4 are returned in container response)

CUSTOMER --------------> CAPTURE RESPONSE -----------> PEGA ( customer will accept 1 credit card --- this comes back to pega using captureresponse)



interaction ID --- Unique id indicates session information of the customer,


THIS IS CALLED AS FEEDBACK LOOP.


DIFFERENT WAYS OF CAPTURING INTERACTION HISTORY

1. using offer flows / action flows 

2. CAPTURE RESPONSE API

3. Using CaptureInteraction Activity --- this activity will internally run a dataflow that wil insert records into interaction history 

( take all the results in IHSupportingInfoPg.pxResults and append this results into interaction history using data flow)

4. DF_CaptureInteraction