Adaptive MODEL -- Self learning models used to predict the customer behavior by providing recommendations


DIFF BETWEEN ADAPTIVE MODEL AND PREDICTIVE MODEL --- important interview qn

1.Adaptive model can work without any historical data..

whereas predictive model cannot work without any historical data...


2. Adaptive models are simple models and doesnnot use any complex machine learning argorithsm but predictive model uses complex PMML language and uses data science machine learning algorithms









inorder for the model to provide recommendations i.e customer 1 recommend credit card, customer2 recommend debitcard

historical data -- INTERACTION HISTORY --- History of interactions made with a given customer that includes, propositions we have recommended... outcomes made by the customer

for ex --- for a customer A --- pega decisioning proposed 3 NBAs

1. credit card
2. debit card
3. personal loan 

--- Customer A -- Accepted credit card and rejected debit card and personal loan...

--------- Models will actually generate the propensity output at a proposition level.

 Credit Card --- 0.75 propensity --- 75% probability that customer will accept the offer
debit card -- 0.50 propensity
personal loan -- 0.45 propensity


Predictors --- Predictors are nothing but the attributes with predictive power


For ex --- 

CustomerID --- customerid 100 and customerid 200 might not potentially impact the customer outcome

Age --- Age 18 and Age 25 customers might potentially impact the customer outcome


Income

PRIMARY CONTEXT -- CUSTOMER CLASS

ASSOCIATED DATA -- PRODUCTS CLASS

ProductName ---


IH Summaries --- data sets which are used to extract the records from interaction history for certain timeperiod.

for ex--- i want the Interaction history data for last 30 days and i need only few columns....

we have to create IH Summary dataset


Adaptive Model -- initial propensity by default will be 0.5

For ex -- standard card got 0.5 ---- 50% - 50% chance of customer accepting this proposition

Now as the customers accept this standard card --- propensity keeps increased

Accecpted 1 --- 0.558
Accepted 2 - 0.569
Accepted 3 - 0.571


0 - 1
------------ ADM FACTORIES --- ADAPTIVE MODEL RESPONSES -------


Configure > Decisioning > Model Management

We see all the model's responses 

we need to pass 5 mandatory parameters

1. business issue
2. business group
3. proposition name
4. channel
5. direction


ADM Model wil create a distinct record for every unique combination of the above 5 parameters.


